I've always wondered, does Twitch chat
actually want to watch me play video
games or are they just here to harass
me? I've never been clear on this. So,
today we're going to be trying reverse
streaming. This time, I'm playing a
video game, but only I get to watch it.
It's completely blocked for Twitch chat.
And every 30 seconds, I have to answer a
random question about the game I'm
playing. And if Twitch chat guesses it
correctly, then they actually get to
watch. However, they only have 15
minutes to figure it out. If the timer
runs out, then I get a point. If they
guess it in time, they get a point. Here
we go. Why are there 13,000 people here?
Am I being viewbotted? What is going on?
Cuz we're the best. No, this doesn't
make any sense. Why are there Why are
there so many people here? It's like
5,000 more than normal. We don't want to
watch you play. [laughter] Hold on. This
is the most viewers I've had in like 6
months. I know that this keeps happening
as a meme, but I didn't actually think
this would be a popular stream where
like you're literally not watching what
I'm doing. It's just going to be silent.
[__] whatever, man. All right, round
one. Ready, set.
>> What's the color palette like?
>> Oh, [__] I already have to answer.
Okay. Okay, hold on. I'm booting up the
game. Give me a second. Okay, it's it's
very bright colors. You got blue, you
got orange, you got green. Yeah, I'd say
very bright cartoony colors is what I
would say.
>> Final answer rigged.
>> That was not the [music] correct answer.
I have barely played this. It does not
actually look very good to be honest.
>> Rapid fire answer five yes or no
questions from Chad.
>> Okay, give me yes or no questions. I'll
answer. Is it Fortnite? No. Are you gay?
No. What's the plot? That's not yes or
no. Is it a 2D platformer? No. Are you
winning? No. Do you like this [__] Yes.
[music] I guess that's okay. I feel like
I might need to give more hints. I don't
know how hard this is. Are you But
you're guessing the name of a game.
>> Final answer.
>> Honestly, I think I could give you the
sound and [music] it wouldn't even
affect it.
>> Listen, obscure fact from its wiki.
>> Nintendo Life gave it a score of three
out of 10. [clears throat]
>> [laughter]
>> Hardcore Gamer gave it a 1.5, calling it
absolutely dreadful. [laughter]
This game rips, dude.
>> Final answer. Kirby.
>> No. This game blows as far as I can
tell. Show us. If I show you the game,
that's not very hard.
>> Describe the game in three adjectives.
>> Fast, orange,
uninspired.
>> I feel like I should not have said
orange. Well, congratulations, chat.
Final answer.
>> Garfield cart.
>> Okay, so now there's 14,000 people here.
We are the greatest to ever live. Dude,
I said orange. Okay, what if we just
speed this way, way up? What if the
question time I have 10 seconds, you
guys have 10 seconds to guess and then
it's 5 seconds till the next question.
So, it's like super rapid fire. That's a
terrible idea. I feel like this is a
good idea. This I'll just say it. I'll
give you a hint up front. Is one of the
greatest games of all time. [music]
Show the entire game, but it's tiny.
>> Wait, hold on. I can't even Hold on. The
game is not working. Garfield cart is
freezing my computer unironically.
[laughter]
>> Final answer rigged.
>> Show a tiny chunk of the game, but super
big.
>> Wait. Okay. What? All right. So, I got
to copy this. [laughter]
>> Final answer. Skyrim. Rapid fire. Answer
five yes or no questions from chat.
>> Uh, okay. I can't even play the game.
There's much [__] going on. Is it a Team
Cherry game? No. Is it Fallout? No. Is
it a platformer? No. Are you okay? Yes.
Is it a difficult game? No.
>> Final answer.
>> No, you still haven't gotten it. I'm
actually surprised you haven't gotten
this.
>> Recreate a sound effect from the game
with your mouth. [snorts and sighs]
>> Chat, is this anything? Is this stream
idea anything? I'm going to be honest,
man. This seems like a pretty bad
experience. I'm like, I'm literally just
playing a video game. I do want to make
this clear.
>> Final answer. Doom.
>> No. What does death look like in this
game?
>> Bankrupt. Is there a part of the game
you can see that would spoil it? Wait,
that kind of spoils it to be honest.
>> Final answer. Monopoly.
>> Okay, hold on. I can't I don't know what
to do.
>> WHAT'S THE MOST COMMON OBJECT IN THE
ENVIRONMENT?
>> BUILDINGS.
>> Final answer. Lethal company.
>> Not Lethal Company. I Dude, I genuin
boring from my perspective. Just so you
guys are aware of what's happening.
>> List an obscure fact from its wiki.
>> Oh my god. Um, once you guys see the
game, if you get it, you're going to be
shocked at how little I've been able to
play. Five German cities were reworked
in this game.
>> Final answer. Euro Truck Simulator.
>> Congratulations, chat. You have figured
it out. It was Euro Truck Simulator.
Now, hold on. I want to show you what
this looks like. I started the game and
immediately got my truck stuck in a
pole. It took me three seconds. I've
just been sitting here stuck on the
pole. I don't know what to do. I can't
move forward or backwards. I don't know
the controls. I don't know how to reset
this. World's greatest year. I don't
This doesn't even physically make sense.
Unless they built the truck around the
pole.
Okay, here we go. Answer two random
questions from Chad.
>> Is it poop simulator? No. Is it a game?
Yes.
>> Final answer. What game is it?
>> I'm giving you less hints this time.
>> Answer two random questions from Chad.
>> Two random questions from chat. Is it
World of Warcraft? No. Is it an RPG?
Yes.
>> Answer two random questions from
>> Why do I keep getting this one? Is it a
free Steam game? No, it is not. Is it
Lego Star Wars? No. I'll give you a free
one. Is it Poggies?
Yes, it is. Pogies.
>> So, a tiny chunk of the game, but super
big.
>> That Oh, that gave you a hint. I That
wasn't supposed to be visible.
[laughter]
Damn it. Come on.
>> [__]
>> This Dark Souls.
>> God damn it. I didn't even get to start
the game. I am going to look for a free
game on Steam and I'm going to buy it
right now and then you guys are just
going to be completely screwed. Compare
the game to a famous movie.
>> Oh god, I don't know, man. Um, District
9.
>> Final answer, HALFIFE 2.
>> WAIT, HOW DO YOU HOW DO YOU ALREADY GET
Halfife 2? What? All I said was District
9. God damn it. All right. All right,
hold on. We need new questions. This is
impossible. What year did it come out?
That's too easy. Let's say, did it come
out in the last 10 years? That's a good
one. How long have you played it? Do you
think it's boring? Is there [laughter] a
bald character? This isn't helpful. Is
Doug actually good at this? Okay, but
it's going off of my opinion. Is there a
clock? Could Doug's mom enjoy this game?
That's a good one. Can your mom have sex
in the game? Is that what you wrote? Oh,
no. Can you have sex in the game? I'm
going to be honest. I didn't bring I get
a lot of sex games. Smash [laughter]
or bath? Who is the fan base annoying?
[laughter] Is this Banjo Kazooi? Okay,
this is probably fine. What we have?
What do I got next? I need to I need to
adjust. Okay, this one. You guys are
[__]
I'm just going to give you a freebie.
Look at the game. I don't even care.
Describe one enemy without naming it.
>> Tree pajama Sam.
>> Dude, how what did I even say? It's
literally the tree enemy. This one I I
think I will actually get the win here.
What does the age rating?
>> I'd say teen probably. I'm going to be
as unhelpful as possible with this one.
What's the environment look like? Dark.
>> Binding of Isaac. What are we even
[__] doing here? I said nothing about
the game. How do you know it's Binding
of Isaac? I said it's dark. Is it the
tiny screen? Do I need to turn off the
tiny screen? It's cuz of the color
palette. All right, I'm turning off the
tiny screen.
>> Maybe someone can [music] see your Steam
stuff. I
>> Oh, that is [laughter] also very
important. Yeah, I need to go offline.
It literally just says I'm playing
Binding of Isaac publicly. I didn't
[laughter] think about that. Okay. 0 to
7. Here we go.
>> Is it indie?
>> No.
>> WHAT KIND OF ATTACKS OR WEAPONS ARE IN
IT?
>> There are guns.
>> Did it come out in the last 10 years?
>> Yes.
>> Read a random Steam review for the game.
God damn it. All of these Steam reviews
just say what it is. Okay. All right.
All right. If and only if you can sort
your way through the [music] confusing
and predatory way this game is being
sold, then it is worth the money. There
you go. Time for me to play it.
>> Final answer.
>> Hold on. How the [__] do you know it's
Hitman? What are we wait What are we
doing here?
>> Main character smash or pass.
>> I would not smash Agent 47.
>> The best part is [music] not only do we
not get any gameplay that isn't even
getting to play the game either.
>> Nobody is getting to play the game. I'm
going to give the vaguest possible
answers that I can possibly give.
>> Recreate a sound effect from the game
with your mouth. Describe the main
character in three words. 6 foot tall
man.
>> Describe one enemy without naming it.
>> 6 foot tall man. Is there an online
mode?
>> There is an online mode. Yes.
>> What does death look like in this game?
>> Death looks like you're shot to death.
>> Final answer. CS2.
>> Counterterrorists win.
>> By the way, the first 3 minutes I spent
figuring out how to buy a weapon. I need
to find something that's really obscure,
like getting inside a hentai story or
sex coach hot yoga. What's the main goal
of the game? to save someone you love.
Mario. That's the obscure harsh final
answer.
>> No, it's not the most popular video game
of all time. A lot of you guys don't
seem to get this. They're like, "Well,
Doug, why don't you just say the name of
the game? That would be a lot easier for
us." What do you think we're doing here?
>> Is this Banjo Kazouie for the Nintendo
64?
>> Oh, damn it.
I was really hoping I thought that would
I thought it would like it it would
subvert your expectations cuz like
there's no way you would think to vote
that if that's literally one of the
questions. There's like 20 of them. The
odds of me getting that question are
low. By the way, didn't play a single
second of the game because there's a
15-minute cut scene at the start of
Banjo Kazui. Apparently, I just started.
Okay, I am going to pick a random
person. Jacob von Shelonberg. Okay, I'm
going to DM you on Twitch and you're
going to tell me what your game is and
I'm going to play that. What if he just
tells us? I mean, I I guess he could.
This person could just say it into chat.
All right, you know what? This is going
to be interesting. I will give you a
hint. I have not played this game.
>> At Jacob von Shalonberg, what game are
you going to pick? [laughter]
>> Don't ping him and ask. Dude, you said
it into the chat. You said Trailmakers
in the chat. They can just look at your
What are we doing here?
>> Thank you, dude. [music] I appreciate
it. [laughter] I just answered you.
Okay, I was about to buy Trailmakers.
I'm not buying Trailmakers. We're
picking a new person. Okay, I'm going to
ask Linkis. People are [laughter]
pinging Linkis asking for the game.
Okay, that's good. Ladies and gentlemen,
Linkis and I are going to respectfully
pork you guys. Steam is still trying to
get me to buy Trailmakers. With this
one, I will say I have not played it
before. I'm going to be answering these
questions live as I figure out what I'm
playing.
>> Compare the game to a famous food. Um,
Mongolian food cuz I know nothing about
it.
>> Main character, smash or pass?
>> I don't know. I can't see the main
character. I'll say that.
>> Show a tiny portion of the stream.
>> Good luck with that. See if that helps,
chat. Wa. Okay, that's kind of cool. Why
do YOU THINK IT'S
>> FINAL ANSWER? PEAK.
>> WHY DO YOU THINK it's peak? What about
when indicate peak? Uh, I have achieved
some sort of collectible. I'll just
narrate what I'm doing now where it's
like just actually I'm streaming. Did it
come out in the last 10 years? This is a
big hint. A remake came out in the last
10 years. Final answer. Doom. How did
Doom get up there? It is not Doom. Whoa,
this is cool. Linkis, great suggestion.
This game seems sick. Describe the main
character in three words. Hands. Gloves.
Self-absorbent. They looked at their
hands. I don't know what else to tell
you. Glover. [laughter]
If that was the Why would I give that
hint if it was Glover?
>> Final answer. Raymond.
>> It's not Rayman. What does death look
like in this game?
>> I don't know. I haven't died yet.
>> Can it be multiplayer?
>> I don't know. It doesn't appear to be
multiplayer. No. You know what I will
say? I'm getting the sense that there
might not be a way to die. I don't know.
>> Final answer. Neon white.
>> It is not neon white. What is going on
here? Oh, I got a sort of Oh,
interesting.
>> How long have you played it?
>> Nearly 6 minutes.
>> Final answer. Super liinal.
>> It is not super liinal. This stream is a
[music] strong contender for worst
stream of the year, dog.
>> That's what I'm saying. Dude, that being
said, I am actually kind of really
enjoying playing this game right now.
This is finally what I was hoping today
would be. I get to have a good time and
you guys don't. Wait. Oh my god. I found
a really cool thing. Okay. Oh, can't do
that. Never mind. Never mind. Never
mind. I thought I was a genius for a
second. Is Doug actually good at this? I
would probably say no. Final answer.
Cube.
How? What? I've never heard of this
game. How? I don't get it. I don't know
this game. By the way, this is all I
know about the main character. They have
gloves. Smash her past the gloves.
[laughter]
The tiny picture is too obvious. Really?
That showed you. This is an extremely
obscure one that I feel like is kind of
unfair. Actually, I shouldn't even
saying this, but whatever.
>> Is it indie?
>> No.
>> Did it come out in the last 10 years?
>> No. What's the environment look like?
It's just gray. I don't know what to
tell you. Look, I'm going to literally
show you a picture.
>> Final answer, Mind Sweeper.
>> It is not Mind Sweeper.
>> Answer two random questions from Chad.
>> Multiplayer. Yes, it is 2D. Those are
two big hints.
>> Final answer, chess.
>> It is not chess. Oh my god. I might
actually win. Thank god.
>> Recreate a sound effect from the game
with your mouth.
>> I don't know what, dude. I don't know
what you want me to do here. All right.
Here, I'll give you another one. What
the [__] Grandma?
>> Final answer. N. No, it is not N.
>> Describe one enemy without naming it.
>> Green [laughter]
shape.
He's just saying green. The title of the
game is not green.
>> Final answer. Snake.
>> It is not snake. Oh, I MIGHT WIN. I WON.
YES. Not against you guys, but this is
what I was imagining of this stream,
dude. I just get to play a game in
peace. I'm actually having a great time
now.
>> Show a tiny portion of the stream.
>> [__]
We win. I don't think you're going to
win from seeing what is, by the way,
literally 10 pixels by 10 pixels. Don't
get cocky, chat.
>> Final answer, Tetris.
>> It's not Tetris.
>> What's the most common object in the
environment?
>> Green circle. This is the dumbest
stream. But I'm enjoying it. I'm having
a good time. Oh, beans. I lost.
>> Could Doug beat the main character in a
fight?
>> The main character is also a circle. I
[laughter] probably Yes. I'm just glad I
was able to get the privilege of being
here. Live the worst stream of the year.
>> Everybody's having a great time. Okay.
What's the most recent thing you did?
>> I used a circle. Oh my god. Only 5
minutes left.
>> Final answer. Angry Birds.
>> It is not Angry Birds. Most recent
[__] win. I'm the best.
>> Answer two random questions from chat.
>> Did you ban the game name? No. Is it
two-player? Yes.
>> Final answer. Connect four. [__] It's
just circles.
What about the orange circles? You guys
asked me what the enemy was and I said
green circles. And then you asked what I
did last and I said circle because I
dropped a circle. I feel like me just
saying circles over and over was kind of
obvious. And also the fact that my
grandma would always whoop my ass every
time. Okay, this was good. How do I go
in this direction while also not going
in this direction so you guys don't just
guess like board game type things? You
know what? Fine. I'll take one from
chat, but it better be good. Okay, sigh
duck it in. No, no, no, no. Don't say
it. [laughter] Don't say it into the
chat. If you type it into the chat, they
can just see it. Fodto, I am going to
send you a private message. Okay, I have
I don't know what that game is. You know
what? [__] it. This one could go to 15
minutes. God damn it. It [laughter]
[__] Well, thank you for the suggestion
for Void Stranger, the game I just
purchased, and then popped up and said I
finished installing. Thank you [music]
very much. I appreciate the suggestion.
Fodo,
>> hey Doug, why do we have to play this
song and dance? Why don't you [laughter]
just tell us the game?
>> That is a good point.
>> This is my round.
>> Does Doug like the soundtrack?
>> I love the soundtrack.
>> Final answer. Peggle.
>> Not Peggle.
>> Is there an online mode?
>> No. Can I just say this game's awesome.
I want you guys to know I'm having a
great time. Oh, dude. You see that? Woo!
>> Final answer. Celeste.
>> No, it's not Celeste.
>> What genre is it?
>> Oh, [__] This is helpful. Racing. Oh, I
just got a blue shell. Okay, I actually
want to win this right now. Final
answer, Mario Kart. Nope, I was lying.
Not Mario Kart. [laughter] You fell for
it. Oh, that was sick. Is this Banjo
Kazouie for the Nintendo 64?
>> No, it is not Banjo Kazoui for the
Nintendo 64. I hope that gave you guys
some information. The real question you
should be asking, am I winning? The
answer is no.
>> Final answer, haste.
>> No, not haste.
>> Show a tiny portion of the stream.
>> God damn it. I can't see [__] Yeah,
that's the point. Main character, smash
or pass? I think that if I were gay, I
would smash. At least right now. My main
character. I think so.
>> Final answer, Sonic.
>> Sonic. Really? I have no attraction to
any Sonic character, just so you guys
are aware. Let me just get that out
there. Oh my god, I'm actually winning.
>> Give it score one to 100.
>> I would say 901.
>> Final answer, Forza.
>> Hey, hold on. Before you guys say
anything, can we get a Pog? I know you
this is reverse streaming. You guys
can't see. I just won. Can I get a pog
in chat, please? Actually, just one of
the coolest things I ever pulled off in
a game. I wish you guys could have
checked that out. Actually, I don't.
This is about me. We don't have enough
streams that are about me. You know,
final answer. Pog. Recreate a sound
effect from the game with your mouth.
No, no, no. It' be more like a You know
what I mean?
Tony [laughter] Hawk, bro. I'm not
giving you a hint. The last time with
Connect 4, I thought I was going to win.
did come out in the last 10 years.
>> It is older than 10 years. You guys just
haven't gotten a lot of good info. The
fact that you know it's a racing game.
Sonic Racing.
>> It's not Sonic Racing. I feel like
you're either going to like immediately
get it with a good clue or you're not.
Garfield cart again would have been the
sickest play. Woo! Dude, that was sick.
You guys got to trust me. I I'll
describe to you what happened here. I'll
just You do a sound effect. Oh [__]
Hold on. Describe the game in three
adjectives. The series radical stylistic
>> Doug, we all know that you're actually
[music] playing Spongebob Truth or
Square for the Wii and Xbox 360. [music]
We are all just humoring you.
>> Final answer. SSX.
Which one? All of them is not a game. I
have 2 minutes and 40 seconds. What's
the most common object in the
environment? Snow. There's a shitload of
snow. How many SSS games are there? How
long can I stretch it out?
>> It's on the snow. Oh, I'm sorry that you
have to actually say the name of the
game. I'm sorry. That's totally
unreasonable to ask with 100 subs on the
line.
>> Final answer. SSX3.
>> No, it's not SSX. SXX. SSX3. It's not
that. 1 minute 40 seconds. Super close.
Cut on. Yeah, it's SSX on tour.
Probably. It's SSX Blur. You guys got to
vote for that one. Number one.
>> Final answer. [__] SSX. Tricky.
>> Yeah. Okay. But guys, you got to believe
me. I was doing so good in this game. I
did like this sick ass trick that
happened like right before winning the
final one. Dude, you got to believe me.
Hold on. Check this out. Check this out.
Check this out. I'm going for the win.
I'm going for the win. [screaming]
I did win the other two. I won two in a
row. It was actually pretty sick. How
are you losing this hard? Well,
apparently it's [__] hard to have
people not know what game you're
playing. We're doing a new thing. I'm
adding stakes. If you guys win seven
more rounds, 50 gifted subs, which is
$250, by the way. Kind of. Sort of.
Technically, I get like 170 of that
back. You know what? That's a good
point. Me, 100 gifted subs. I'm not a
coward. This one, I'm just going to
straight up tell you guys it's Mario 64.
It's not. It's Banjo Kazoui again.
>> Surely at some point it's a double
bluff. He tells us, expecting us to go
against it, and it actually is it.
>> It's Banjo Kazouie. Do you have the
sheer force of will, Chad, to do what's
called upon, which is to guess Banjo
Kazoui
>> three game goggle boy [laughter]
>> for the Nintendo 64? Here we go.
>> Could Doug's mom enjoy this game?
>> Yeah, I think so. You guys did watch
more Banjo Kazouie gameplay today than
any other game. Just to be clear, it is
the only game of where there's been a
substantial amount of gameplay shown. By
which I mean like 1 minute.
>> Final answer, Mario 64.
>> Nope. What's the most common object in
the environment?
>> Humanoids.
>> Final answer, Banjo Kazouie.
>> It is not Banjo Kazouie. My wy tricks
have worked. It isn't either of the two
things that I explicitly told you it
was. And I just get to enjoy the game.
>> Compare the game to a famous food.
>> Korean barbecue. No. Hot pot. That'll
kind of make sense if you guys figure
out the game.
>> Final answer. Sims. No, it is not The
Sims.
>> Could Doug beat the main character in a
fight?
>> Uh, there is not a main character.
Honestly, I'm having a great time.
>> Doug thinks he could beat Banjo Kazouie
in a fight. [laughter]
Dude, I can beat Van Kazu in a fight. I
guess he is a bear. Would I have to
fight Kazouie, too?
>> Final answer, Tabs.
>> No, it's not Tabs.
>> What kind of attacks or weapons are in
it?
>> There are no attacks and no weapons.
Animal Crossing is a good guess.
>> Final answer, Animal Crossing.
>> It's not Animal Crossing. I just
genuinely like I want to share this
experience and I can't.
>> Is there a clock or timer on screen at
all?
>> No, there's no clock or timer. You know
what? If you guys can guess in time, I
want to show you how cool this is.
>> Final answer in Zoy.
>> No. Okay. I actually think I'm winning
with this one. This is not a crazy
obscure game, by the way. This isn't
some totally random thing on Steam that
nobody's ever heard of.
>> Give the game a two sentence review like
a critic.
>> The online experience is completely
unpredictable, but can result in
incredible moments. Final answer, VR
chat.
>> God damn it. Was that that obvious?
>> Hello.
>> This Justin Doug is [music] bad at VR
platformers.
>> Look at this [__] background I was
hanging out in. I was just like
wandering through these fields. Look at
how [music] gorgeous this is. Except
occasionally there's this pig woman who
shows up, but that's not a joke.
Sometimes in the sky, a giant pig woman
appears and like ruins the view.
>> It's like a metaphor for life. Sometimes
[music] we just have to deal with a
giant flying pig woman, but we need to
remember the beautiful fields we're
standing in.
>> I really need I wish the big woman
appeared. I This is another thing where
I don't think you guys are going to
believe me. I don't know what to tell
you. Like, this kept happening. Okay,
round 16.
>> Does it have sequels? Yes, it does.
[laughter]
>> Mario. Why would I just play Mario?
>> Final answer.
>> I'm not even gonna give that to you. You
have to pick a game. If you guys guess
the series, I will tell you that you're
in the right series. Actually, I'm not
even going to make that promise.
>> Give it score one to 100.
>> 85.
>> Final answer. Mario Party. [music]
>> No,
>> guys. Mario 64. Like he said two rounds
ago. Trust.
>> What kind of attacks or weapons are in
it? You punch people. I think it's Mario
Odyssey.
>> Final answer. Mario 64.
>> No, it's not. Get jked. I didn't lie
either.
>> Is this Banjo Kazouie for the Nintendo
64?
>> Dude, what are THE [__] ODDS? WHAT
are the odds of this? I don't
understand. There's like 40 questions.
This was the perfect bait. You guys
thought I was going for Mario. I was
going to just keep giving hints that it
was a different Mario game for like 12
more minutes. This was actually a super
smart play. I'm removing the question
about Banjo Kazouie. I That's not fair.
I'm removing it. Okay, but this does
mean I can pick like an obscure Mario
game though.
>> Go answer two random questions from
chat.
>> I'm not doing what game is he playing.
That's not random questions. Who did
they vote for in the 2024 election?
Probably Kla Harris. Can you cook in it?
I do not believe so. No.
>> Final answer. Banjo Kazoui.
>> No, it's not Banjo Kazoui.
>> What's the environment look like?
>> It's daylight. Very green. Lush. Final
answer, Sonic. It is not Sonic.
>> Describe the game in three adjectives.
God,
>> this one's so hard to do without just
automatically giving it away. Whimsical,
childlike, thoughtprovoking.
>> Final answer, Kirby.
>> No, I think I've done it. I've picked
one that will win.
>> Answer two random questions from chat.
>> On a scale of 1 to 10, how much does it
turn you on? One, is it 2D or 3D? 2D.
>> Final answer, snake. It is not snake.
>> Is Doug actually good at this?
>> I'm decent at the game right now. I'm
pretty bad at it.
>> Final answer. Stardovali.
>> Starduvully. No.
>> Could Doug's mom enjoy this game?
>> Yeah, I think so. Actually, she could.
>> Final answer. Pajama Sam.
>> No. Oh my god. This could be it. I feel
like I've given fair legit answers by
the way.
>> Is there an online mode?
>> There's not an online mode. I am not
enjoying this game. Maybe that's a hint,
I guess.
>> Final answer. Plants or zombies?
>> No. Good guess, but no. You guys need
some better questions, honestly. Like,
is it Banjo Kazouie for the Nintendo 64?
>> Describe one enemy without naming it.
>> Uh, there's a vehicular enemy.
>> Final answer. Frogger.
>> It's not Frogger. What's the main goal
of the game?
>> Uh, I don't know. It's something about a
race. I can't tell. It's really hard to
play this game right now.
>> Final answer. Crossy road.
>> No. No. No. What kind of attacks or
weapons are in it?
>> There are no attacks and no weapons. 3
minutes left. Final answer. Putt putt.
Guys, it is impossible to play putt.
Putt enters the race if you can't hear
the game. I have had no idea what is
going on. I'm just clicking around. I've
been doing this for 13 minutes. It took
me 7 minutes to realize at the very
beginning of the game there was an
armadillo here. You had to click your
dog to get the armadillo to move off the
road.
Doug can't beat a kids game. If with no
audio, this game is impossible. It is.
It's thoughtprovoking. You have to
think. You have to talk to this guy and
figure out what he wants. It's a very
thoughtprovoking game as a child, by the
way. Or a 34-year-old. Jesus Christ.
>> Don't you speedrun this game years ago.
How far you've fallen.
>> I [music] know. I did though, to be fair
to me. Listen to the game back then. I
am cocked and loaded and ready to play.
That's not a hint, by the way. I have an
idea that just might work.
>> What's the environment look like? Uh,
this is another greenish one. Green,
bright colors.
>> All right. All right. Fine. Let's just
reset. All right. Let's [__]
>> final answer. Banjo Kazui.
>> Okay. All right. That's fine. We'll move
on. I thought I could sneak one.
Actually, this is good. I think I have
made a worthy sacrifice because now
everybody will be like, "Oh, guys, it's
probably Banjo Kazoui." So, I'm
basically getting a free guest knocked
out of the way because I am definitely
not doing Banjo Kazouie again.
>> Recreate a sound effect from the game
with your mouth. Dunk. Final answer,
Pickle.
>> No.
>> Could Doug beat the main character in a
fight?
>> Yeah, [music] I think so. Maybe not. I
don't know.
>> Final answer. Banjo Kazouie.
>> No. As much as I wish I had the guts to
do that again. No.
>> Compare the game to a famous food.
>> Oh, dude. I don't know. Biscuits. This
is I I have no idea, man.
>> Final answer. Banjo Tuili.
>> No.
>> Answer two random questions from chat.
>> Is it Google Snake? No. Mario 64? No.
Banjo 3. No, it is not 2D. That's like a
real question.
>> Final answer, Pikmin.
>> It is not Pikmin.
>> Rapid fire answer five. Yes or no
questions from chat.
>> Is it a game of skill? Yes. Is it 1D?
No. Portal? No. The multiplayer? No.
Hard game? Yes.
>> Final answer, Elden Ring?
>> It is not Elden Ring.
>> Is there a lot of dialogue?
>> There's a very small amount of dialogue.
>> Final answer, Dark Souls. It is not Dark
Souls and it is not I'll count that as
the series. It's not the Dark Souls
series.
>> Remember chat, [music] Doug thinks he
can beat the main character.
>> I'm curious if you guys agree with that
assessment at the end of this. I think I
can beat the main character. Little game
of fisticuffs.
>> Show a tiny portion of the stream.
>> Remember chat, [music] he said it's not
2D. It can't be Celeste or Hollow
Knights or Cuphead.
>> Chat cannot focus past one single clue.
Yeah, it's whatever I say mostly. Maybe
it's Elden Ring Night Re. Did you think
about that? Final answer, Zelda.
>> What if it's Banjo Kazouie? Have we
tried that? It's not Zelda.
>> Does Doug like the soundtrack?
>> No. Soundtrack's [music] quite bad. What
I've heard, I do not like it.
>> I bet it's Mario 64.
>> Have we tried Mario 64 and Banjo Kazoui
yet?
>> Final answer, Donkey Kong.
>> It is not Donkey Kong.
>> Do you think it's boring?
>> Yes.
>> Final answer, Animal Crossing.
>> It is not Animal Crossing. [music] Have
we checked Banjo Kazouie? I feel like we
should check Magic Kazui to be safe. I
think this is a winner. I'm getting the
feeling at this point it's like, is
there a clue that forces me to give
something obvious?
>> Describe one enemy without naming it.
>> Uh, dolphin fish thing. I couldn't tell
you exactly what it is. It's dol it's
dolphin fish thing. Look, once once I
reveal the game after winning, you can
back me up.
>> Final answer. Subnotica.
>> No. Oh my god, I'm winning it now. I
just get to enjoy the game. Let me tell
you, I don't like this game. I already
said that before, so I can say it now
and give commentary. This game is bad.
It was always bad. It's still bad. Why
are the controls like this?
>> Does it have sequels?
>> No, it does not.
>> Final answer. Echo the Dolphin.
>> No, it's not Echo the Dolphin. Oh, 2
minutes left. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes. Oh, it feels so good, chat. You got
so close. 18.
Can it be multiplayer?
>> No, it cannot. Nothing else I can do
there other than say it's not
multiplayer. Have we checked Banjo
Kazouie?
>> Shut. Have we guessed Glover? He thinks
he can beat the main character. It's not
2D and the music is kind of ass.
>> Final answer. Astrobot.
>> It is not Astrobot.
>> Answer two random questions from Chad.
>> What is the genre? Platforming. Is it a
Lego game? No. I think you have one more
guess, ladies and gentlemen. Unless you
get it up to the top.
>> Final answer. Glover.
>> [__]
I was trying to throw you off. [__]
Come on. How did you get Glover? How on
[__] earth did you get Glover?
Everybody hates this game. Look at this
dolphin thing. I've just been running in
circles.
>> Let's go, chat.
>> Thank you for listening to me.
>> How did you get that? Unironically,
Noodle Knight. How did you If you didn't
donate, there's no way they would have
got it.
>> I had my face [music] plastered to the
screen and squinted really hard at the
damn pixels.
>> Did you actually Noodle? God damn it. I
can't believe you sniped that. That was
literally maybe the last guess. Oh,
okay. All right, final round.
>> It all comes down to this. I'm so
[__] hyped. Whatever happens, chat,
I'm proud of each and every one of you
guys. He doesn't think that we think
that he'd be dumb enough to play Banjo
Kazouie again. So, we have to dumb
ourselves down enough to think you'd do
it.
>> We're good to go. Final round. 100
gifted subs on the line.
>> Is there an online mode?
>> No.
>> Final answer. Benjitui.
>> No. Answer two random questions from
Chad.
>> What genre is it? It is a platform. It
was on consoles. I'm not telling you
whether it was on PC as well, though.
I'm just saying it was on consoles.
>> FINAL ANSWER. BANJO KAZOUIE.
>> NO. Is it indie?
>> No. Dude, if I had pulled Mario 64 out
at the end, that would have been so
badass.
>> Final answer. Mario 64.
>> It is not Mario 64.
>> Answer two random questions from chat.
>> Is it any 3D Mario game? No 3D. It is
3D.
>> Final answer, Raymond.
>> It is not Raymond.
>> Is there a lot of dialogue?
>> Uh, there's some. It's not like a
dialogueheavy game, but it definitely
has dialogue.
>> Final answer, Spyro.
>> No, it is not Spyro. Okay, 11 minutes. I
think I'm getting this actually.
>> Does it have sequels?
>> No.
>> Final answer, Astrobot.
>> It is not Astrobot.
Okay, let's go. I think I'm getting
this. OH, AND AT THE FINAL HOUR, Doug's
going to win it. I'm just playing the
game. I'm having a great time.
>> Do you think it's boring?
>> Yeah. Yeah, dude. The double Glover pick
would have been so smart. Oh, that would
have been so smart. I should have done
that. Final answer. Glover.
>> It is not Glover. Describe one enemy
without naming it. Large anthropomorphic
animal. You guys are really stuck in
like [music] Nintendo platformers.
>> Final answer. Conquer's Bad for Day.
>> No, it is not Conquer's Bad for Day. I
mean, maybe I'm just trying to throw you
off, but you've been in like the same
genre. Does Doug like the soundtrack?
>> I haven't heard it. Hold on. Let me
listen to it right now.
>> Oh god. No. No. No. No. No. I do not.
>> Final answer. Gex.
>> It is not Gex.
>> Guys, [music] no sequels.
>> Well, you did ask if the game has a
sequel.
>> Describe the main character in three
words.
>> I don't know. Uh, industrious, like
agile, friendly.
>> Final answer. Balon. No, it's not belong
Wonderorld. I We're over halfway. This
might actually be the one.
>> What's the most common object in the
environment?
>> Cars. Not always, but sometimes.
>> Come on, give me that shrunken down
screen again. I dare you.
>> Final answer. Pepsi Man.
>> It is not Pepsi Man.
>> It can't be Pepsimon. That soundtrack is
a [music] banger. No sequels, guys, so
it has to be Banjo Kazouie.
I swear to God if this is Banjo Kazoui
Nuts and Bolts, you monster. You did not
make the final game, the other Banjo
game.
>> So [laughter] [__] NO, I couldn't hold
it in. I couldn't [__] hold it in.
It's Banjo Kazoui Nuts and Bolts. [__]
It doesn't have a sequel. [__]
>> Final answer.
>> I really tried. I don't know if YOU
COULD TELL WHEN SOMEBODY WAS LIKE, "IT
BETTER NOT BE BANJO KAZUI." I was like,
my mouse started to curl up and I was
like, "Stay serious. Don't show an
emotion. Don't show an emotion. Don't
show AN EMOTION." [__] [screaming]
GOD DAMN. OKAY. UH,
I don't even have the game installed.
I'm watching a long play. By the way, I
have no nothing about this game. I
haven't been playing. I've been
scrolling through it on my keyboard
trying to find stuff I can talk about
CUZ I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IT IS. ARE THERE
CARS in the game? Maybe. I saw this.
There was like a chicken man. So, I said
anthroporic animals. Dude, I feel like
that was close. Ladies and gentlemen, 20
and0.
Jesus, take the wheel. Thank you, me,
for 100 gifted subs. I look,
unironically, I'm surprised by how
quickly you guys got everything. Like,
Glover,
>> this chat is insanely good when we band
together. [music] Incredible work,
everyone. 100 subs. Welld deserved.
>> It is literally one of the most clutch
moments by chat I've ever seen to get
Glover in the last 30 seconds. That is
genuinely insane. I'm imagining Noodle
Knight sitting there staring at this
thing, giving their retinas like
permanent damage in order to snipe
Glover.
>> It's insane because I hate Glover so
[music] [__] much. When I saw those
colors, my neurons fired like crazy and
I had to warn them all much like Paul
Rivere.
[screaming]